When signing up a user, send them an e-mail with their password - #93 - BEHROUZ (#113)
LauraSantiag0/Love-Me-Tender: README.md

```sh
node ../node_modules/db-migrate/bin/db-migrate create name-for-the-migration --sql-file
```

> ## User Sign-Up Password Emailing

Reviewer: We also need to add this to the .env file:

```
DB_PASSWORD=opensesame
DB_USERNAME=postgres
```

Please add it somewhere in the README

Author: But these are secret values , should I add them to the .env ? although we already had them in the .env file and these values belong to the the DB config.

Reviewer: This README must have all the steps necessary to run the system locally. Having those values in the `.env` file is a requirement for running the system locally, so it must be mentioned in the `.env` file.

The values I mentioned above are only for the local environment, so we can add those values to the README.

You are right that those values re related to the DB, so they don't belong in this section. We should either have a section specifically for the DB or a single session that talks about all the entries we need in the `.env` file.

To configure the SMTP server, add the following variables to your .env file and set their values based on your provider:

MAIL_HOST=<your_smtp_host>
MAIL_PORT=<your_smtp_port>
MAIL_USER=<your_smtp_user>
MAIL_PASSWORD=<your_smtp_password>

> Replace <your_smtp_host>, <your_smtp_port>, <your_smtp_user>, and <your_smtp_password> with the appropriate values provided by your SMTP service.

Reviewer: Did you add the values for the account we are using to our Bitwarden bucket?

```sh
node ../node_modules/db-migrate/bin/db-migrate create name-for-the-migration --sql-file
```

> ## User Sign-Up Password Emailing

Reviewer: This configures the SMTP server for the whole system

```suggestion
## SMTP configuration
```

To configure the SMTP server, add the following variables to your .env file and set their values based on your provider:

MAIL_HOST=<your_smtp_host>
MAIL_PORT=<your_smtp_port>
MAIL_USER=<your_smtp_user>
MAIL_PASSWORD=<your_smtp_password>

Replace <your_smtp_host>, <your_smtp_port>, <your_smtp_user>, and <your_smtp_password> with the appropriate values provided by your SMTP service.

> To run the database, add the following variables to your .env file:
> DB_PASSWORD=opensesame
> DB_USERNAME=postgres

Reviewer: Create a new section for this, since it's not part of the email configuration

```suggestion
## Local database configuration

To configure your system to connect to the local database, add the following variables to your .env file:

\```
DB_PASSWORD=opensesame
DB_USERNAME=postgres
\```
```

node ../node_modules/db-migrate/bin/db-migrate create name-for-the-migration --sql-file
```

> ## Data base credentials

Reviewer: Database is one word
